[flow] Add prometheus.exporter.windows (#3547)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/prometheus.exporter.windows.md

exchange     | [exchange][]     | Configures the exchange collector.     | no       
iis          | [iis][]          | Configures the iis collector.          | no       
text_file    | [text_file][]    | Configures the text_file collector.    | no       
smtp         | [smtp][]         | Configures the smtp collector.         | no       
service      | [service][]      | Configures the service collector.      | no       
process      | [process][]      | Configures the process collector.      | no       
network      | [network][]      | Configures the network collector.      | no       
mssql        | [mssql][]        | Configures the mssql collector.        | no       
msmq         | [msmq][]         | Configures the msmq collector.         | no       
logical_disk | [logical_disk][] | Configures the logical_disk collector. | no       

[exchange]: #exchange-block
[iis]: #iis-block
[text_file]: #textfile-block
[smtp]: #smtp-block
[service]: #service-block
[process]: #process-block
[network]: #network-block
[mssql]: #mssql-block
[msmq]: #msmq-block
[logical_disk]: #logicaldisk-block

### exchange block

> Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
> ---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------
> `enabled_list` | `string` | Comma-separated list of collectors to use, for example:`AvailabilityService,OutlookWebAccess`. Matching is case-sensetive |  | no

Reviewer: Can you move the examples outside of the table? Otherwise the table doesn't render very well on the docs site:

```suggestion
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------
`enabled_list` | `string` | Comma-separated list of collectors to use. | | no

The collectors specified by `enabled_list` can include the following:

- `ADAccessProcesses`
- `TransportQueues`
- `HttpProxy`
- `ActiveSync`
- `AvailabilityService`
- `OutlookWebAccess`
- `Autodiscover`
- `WorkloadManagement`
- `RpcClientAccess` 

For example, `enabled_list` may be set to `"AvailabilityService,OutlookWebAccess"`. 

```

### iis block

> Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
> ---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------
> `app_blacklist` | `string` | If given, an application needs to not match the blacklist regexp in order for the corresponding metrics to be reported. |  | no
> `app_whitelist` | `string` | If given, an application needs to match the whitelist regexp in order for the corresponding metrics to be reported. |  | no
> `site_blacklist` | `string` | If given, a site needs to not match the blacklist regexp in order for the corresponding metrics to be reported. |  | no
> `site_whitelist` | `string` | If given, a site needs to match the whitelist regexp in order for the corresponding metrics to be reported. |  | no

Reviewer: Trying to make the descriptions a little shorter to help the rendering of the table:

```suggestion
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------
`app_blacklist` | `string` | Regular expression of applications to ignore. |  | no
`app_whitelist` | `string` | Regular expression of applications to report on. |  | no
`site_blacklist` | `string` | Regular expression of sites to ignore. |  | no
`site_whitelist` | `string` | Regular expression of sites to report on. |  | no
```

### text_file block
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------

> `text_file_directory` | `string` | The directory containing the files to be ingested. Only files with the extension .prom are read. The .prom file must end with an empty line feed to work properly. |  | no

Reviewer: Moving the detailed description outside of the table:

```suggestion
`text_file_directory` | `string` | The directory containing the files to be ingested. |  | no

When `text_file_directory` is set, only files with the extension `.prom` inside the specified directory are read. Each `.prom` file found must end with an empty line feed to work properly.  

```

### smtp block
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------

> `blacklist` | `string` | Regexp of virtual servers to blacklist. Server name must both match whitelist and not match blacklist to be included. |  | no
> `whitelist` | `string` | Regexp of virtual servers to whitelist. Server name must both match whitelist and not match blacklist to be included. |  | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`blacklist` | `string` | Regexp of virtual servers to ignore. |  | no
`whitelist` | `string` | Regexp of virtual servers to include. | `".+"` | no

For a server name to be included, it must match the regular expression specified by `whitelist` and must _not_ match the regular expression specified by `blacklist`. 
```

### service block
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------

> `where_clause` | `string` | WQL 'where' clause to use in WMI metrics query. Limits the response to the services you specify and reduces the size of the response. |  | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`where_clause` | `string` | WQL 'where' clause to use in WMI metrics query. |  | no

The `where_clause` argument can be used to limit the response to the services you specify, reducing the size of the response.

```

### process block
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------

> `blacklist` | `string` | WQL 'where' clause to use in WMI metrics query. Limits the response to the services you specify and reduces the size of the response. |  | no
> `whitelist` | `string` | WQL 'where' clause to use in WMI metrics query. Limits the response to the services you specify and reduces the size of the response. |  | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`blacklist` | `string` | Regular expression of processes to exclude. |  | no
`whitelist` | `string` | Regular expression of processes to include. | `".+"` | no

Processes must match the regular expression specified by `whitelist` and must _not_ match the regular expression specified by `blacklist` to be included.
```

### network block
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------

> `blacklist` | `string` | Regexp of NIC:s to whitelist. NIC name must both match whitelist and not match blacklist to be included. |  | no
> `whitelist` | `string` | Regexp of NIC:s to blacklist. NIC name must both match whitelist and not match blacklist to be included. |  | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`blacklist` | `string` | Regular expression of NIC:s to exclude. |  | no
`whitelist` | `string` | Regular expression of NIC:s to include. |  | no

NIC names must match the regular expression specified by `whitelist` and must _not_ match the regular expression specified by `blacklist` to be included.
```

### mssql block
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------

> `enabled_classes` | `string` | Comma-separated list of mssql WMI classes to use. |  | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`enabled_classes` | `string` | Comma-separated list of MSSQL WMI classes to use. |  | no
```

### msmq block
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------
`enabled_classes` | `string` | WQL 'where' clause to use in WMI metrics query. Limits the response to the msmqs you specify and reduces the size of the response. |  | no

### logical_disk block
Name | Type     | Description | Default | Required
---- |----------| ----------- | ------- | --------

> `blacklist` | `string` | Regexp of volumes to blacklist. Volume name must both match whitelist and not match blacklist to be included. |  | no
> `whitelist` | `string` | Regexp of volumes to whitelist. Volume name must both match whitelist and not match blacklist to be included. |  | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`blacklist` | `string` | Regular expression of volumes to exclude. |  | no
`whitelist` | `string` | Regular expression of volumes to include. |  | no

Volume names must match the regular expression specified by `whitelist` and must _not_ match the regular expression specified by `blacklist` to be included.
```
